and you shift click on top of this with
extension rack the extension rack will
actually display what's in the extension
chest so you can hide just below your
ground you can just have extensor I can
buff also if you right-click on a stage
hello guys welcome back to another
minecraft mod review today we're
checking out the extension chest mod as
my consist of the extension rack and
extension chest now the extension rack
allows you to display riders as you can
see here we have the red wolf furnace
with a ender chest we have a cacti and
we have extension rack inside another
extension rack you know kind of like
rocks ception so anyways the extensor
rack is only limited by the item that
you want to place in there and it only
place one of that particular item now
you can place a stack of red wool which
is 64 it pleases snack of snowballs
which is the 16 book and quill in place
one and a chestplate coloring place one
so release just depends on the items
that you want to put in there okay now
let's move on to the extension chest now
the extension chest looks very cool has
these wooden planks on the side has
obsidian little border and it has the
ender type of texture on the top which
looks very cool to use as a floor so if
you move over here and check out our
extension chest floor looks very cool it
also access it very cold one thing to
mention that all the crafting recipes
will be available on the forms to
remember to go over description and
check out that link if you want to learn
how to craft a extension rack and
extension chest okay so let's move on to
the extension chest now extension chest
is a little bit different from the
central rack being that has a capacity
of 1024 also you can increase this
capacity by right-clicking on the
extension chest or the extension rack
just like this you just have a extension
rack in your hand and just right-click
as many times as you want as many
extension racks as you can afford and if
you go back into our extension chest you
can see the capacity is moved up to 6144
doesn't making this chest infinite so
you can put as much capacity as much
blocks as you want in this and 1024 is a
lot to start off so it's very you know
good for the resources that you need to
build it now one thing about is that you
can also stack non stackable items so if
you put your chess player here at the
deposit you see one at the bottom come
on here so you can withdraw it at the
bottom and you see little icon to show
you like you know what you have in here
so you could do multiple chest plate by
putting another one in there you see the
stack size increase so if I would draw
here I can root draw too so it's very
cool if you want to stack on sack of all
items or put them in a chest you know to
organize them a little bit better also
takes up one block okay so let me give
you a good idea
how much this chest can actually store
now this is the full chest of 1024 now I
filled it up with golden blocks now
let's shift click and see how many
blocks come out so boom there we go
almost whoa that's a lot of golden
blocks so basically guys all of these
blocks can be contained inside a default
extension chest so it's very handy to
keep all of your herbs in one specific
location yet again it's not Opie since
you can only store one particular block
in that particular chest or rack now
we're in a cool thing about the
extension chest is that if you place a
block in here say we have some leaves
and you shift click on top of this with
extension rack the extension rack will
actually display what's in the extension
chest so you can hide just below your
ground you can just have a extent rack
above and also if you right-click on any
extent Arrakis is like an extension of
the extension chest now those words are
very complicating the sentence so
anyways guys that was the extension
ches-mont if you liked the video mmm
take while setting the drop a like if
you knew my channel I'm take one second
hit that subscribe button to see more
videos from me steam twist and I'll see
you next